* Overview

  TaskSmith is a TUI for Taskwarrior. TaskSmith's goal is to be an extension to Taskwarrior
  that is both pretty and functional.

  This TUI isn't made for everyone, some people will like the concise look that Taskwarrior gives,
  this project was mainly made to curate to my preference.

  This is my first large rust project, so this file will serve to keep track of decisions I make.
  - Because this is my first large project, there will probably be breaking changes throughout the beginning

  TaskSmith will never change Taskwarrior data without user prompt first.

** Libraries

*** ratatui

    Pretty self explanatory, this is required for the TUI. 

*** petgraph

    I'd eventually like to get rid of this (I think). Right now this handles the parsing
    of task trees. 

*** coloreyre

    Handles errors in a good way. 

*** serde
    
    Parsing of taskwarrior export and configurations.

*** strum

    I don't think needed in the long run, I'm currently using it to iterate through TaskStatus enum.

*** Clap

    I want to add CLI support (maybe some wrappers for built in commands). Clap seems to be the best

* UDAS

** `sub_of`

  I've implemented a sub-task system using the user defined attribute `sub_of`. This stores a UUID to the parent task.
  This has been done in such a way to allow for infinite nesting of tasks.


* The main TUI

  The first step of the TUI is the list view. This is similar to Taskwarrior's default CLI look, but
  it won't be as table-like. List view will show subtasks.

  The left column will have filters.

* Configuration

  Most things should be configurable. Colors, characters (make it not nerd font dependent), behavior, sorting...

* Potential Features

- kanban

